# CS254: Multi-purpose Discord Bot
Objective: This project deals with a multi-purpose 'bot' created for the group messaging app, Discord. With this said, the interface for this project is shown through the messaging app itself. The bot has been created to do multiple things and to try and serve the needs of the people within the channel. Our main features for this bot include: cuss-filter, flipping a coin, and rolling dice. Our cuss filter deletes messages that include cuss words in the group chat. Our “flip coin” feature simply flips a virtual coin, giving heads or tails. Lastly, our “dice” feature rolls a dice from 1-6. These features help to regulate the group chat and solve simple disagreements. 
Discord has been growing exponentially in popularity, becoming more than just an app for gamers. Audiences for Discord have grown to also include college students, as well as people within the workplace. Our target audience for this project includes children who are 12 and under; features such as the “cuss” feature help to keep their group chats PG. We hope to keep building on the bot to do more features, such as playing music and having mini-games for people to play. Our source code for this project is primarily Python, since we came to the consensus that it is the easiest language to figure out, compared to node.js, which was the other language available to build a Discord bot.

CASE Tools: The CASE tools we used for this project were Github and Atom. Github helped us to look at previous versions of the project and see what changes were made by each team-member. Atom was where we wrote and compiled our code. This program assisted us in the project through the installed compiler that we implemented. From there, we were able to see which features were not displaying (or why the bot was not working) and from there we fixed our code to improve the bot.

This is a project by Francis Nguyen, Danielle Batalla, and Yushuo Lu for CPSC 254-01.
